Some would say I'm the reverse...
Facebook is the bane of my existence.
We don't know what we're doing.
You can't fuck the prom queen until you tell her that her best friend jerked you off under the bleachers.
All that was yours is now mine.
Just what it sounds like.
It's like with Minecraft, but way better.
Why is Microsoft Word blinking?
I have no idea how this is working.
Fuck the users.
Just think about what we're going to put in here.
Hail HYDRA.
Tebow is Love.
Tebow is Life.
Jesus Jesus Watt.
We could separate this, but no.
Johnny "Football" Manziel is a god among men.
LG G Flex
LG G Flex 2
LG G Watch is a great coaster!
Sponsored by Verizon.
Wait, Joe. We want people to use this.
It's just my first name.
Momus is the god of satire, mockery, censure, writers and poets, and a spirit of evil-spirited, lame and unfair criticism.
Okay, let's not kill them.
That could get ugly.
We don't have to read it.
We don't care.
We can't compliment ourselves.
Never open emails from Phil Simms in front of your children.
I see nothing wrong with that.
I'm still puzzled.
We're just trying to attack the user.
I'm not going to kill you. I'm just going to hurt you really, really badly.
Chat Room Rules: No touching of the hair or face.
Hey, it's going to be funny
It's somewhere in the middle.
I'll call out targets as we go.
It just happened.
It just happens.
Why the fuck not?
Alright
Yeah, I'm the dumb one.
We have missed you. :)
What can the Secret Service do to me?
This is going to go downhill, isn't it?
Eating away at my soul.
Heil Sheev.
Praise Seahorse.
Because The Flash, and The Flash's speed, is the key.
Beverly Hills Emergency Services are second to none.
 It takes a lot to make a stew.
They’re eating her. And then they’re going to eat me. Oh my Gooooooooooood.
Don’t piss in my ear and tell me it’s hot rain. 
Hey girl ;)
Global warming.
Ogres have layers.
Searching for excellence in all the wrong places. 
That’s the power of the Xbox One. 
North Korea Best Korea.
Now if you excuse me, I have to eat this elaborate tray of cold cuts.
That wizard came from the moon.
I really hate sharks, too.
Do you need to poop?
I eat stickers all the time, dude.
Start breakin’ bricks, wet nips.
If I was looking for safe, I wouldn’t be sticking my dick through a wall.
That’s Johnny with an ‘I’. 
You gotta pay the troll toll to get this baby boy’s hole. 
Put the heroin injector down Chip.
It’s been a long day without you, my friend.
I wish she could have been here, but she got food poisoning from that fish and died.
Hangin’ out with my family; having ourselves a party.
Shut yo bitch ass up.
That’s racist.
You don’t have to tell me.